(doc) Update writing rules and guidelines (#783)
chocolatey/docs: README.md

## Writing Documentation

Listed below are some of the areas we consider important when writing documentation. We have two goals:

* **Consistency**. It's important when writing to be consistent in all areas including, but not limited to, headings, code style, formatting, use of bold and italics. We acknowledge that as documentation has evolved, so has our writing style and not all of our documentation is consistent. As new documentation is written, it should be consistent.
* **Clarity**. When writing we must remember to write for others and not just for ourselves. It's important to understand that jargon or acronyms can cause confusion, misunderstanding and a barrier for others who are not familiar with the terms. Avoid using jargon where you can and only use acronyms once they have been defined.

To help with these goals, we use the [AP Style](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Title_case#AP_Stylebook) of writing:

* Capitalize the principal words.
* Capitalize [prepositions](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/preposition) and [conjunctions](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/conjunction) of four letters or more.

> * Lowercase the articles `the`, `a``, and `an.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Lowercase the articles `the`, `a`, and `an`.

```

I think this is what it was meant to be, but not entirely sure.

* Capitalize the first and last words (overrides the rules above).

> * Capitalize the "to" in [infinitives](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/infinitive) (e.g., I Want To Play Guitar).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Capitalize the `to` in [infinitives](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/infinitive) (for example, `I Want To Play Guitar`).
```

For consistency with the above point(s)

Author: Fixed. Thanks.

### Clarifications and Other Useful Rules

Aside from the defined AP Style above, we have some areas we should clarify specifically:

> * Page or post titles, and headings should be in Title Case (ie. `This is Title Case`, `This is not title case`). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Page or post titles, and headings should be in Title Case (`This is Title Case`, but `This is not title case`). 

```

* Bullet points:
  * A list of sentences should end with a period.
    * This is a sentence describing something.
    * A second sentence describing something else.
  * A list of items should not end with a period. For example:
    * Apple
    * Orange

>     * Grapefruit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Grapefruit
```

Author: 👍

> * Products should be referred to be their title. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Products should be referred to with their proper title. For example:
```

Author: 👍

  * Chocolatey CLI and not Chocolatey.
  * Chocolatey Central Management and not Central Management.
* If referring to an executable, use `choco`, not `choco.exe`.

> * Switches and parameters are called simply options.

Reviewer: I noticed this bit is here, but it also on down below in the last section as well. I think it makes more sense in the Code Styles section and removed here.

### Code Style

> Any code in documentation should confirm to the [Scripting and Best Practices Style Guide](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/choco/commands/#scripting-integration-best-practices-style-guide). The main points of this are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Any code in documentation should conform to the [Scripting and Best Practices Style Guide](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/choco/commands/#scripting-integration-best-practices-style-guide). The main points of this are:
```

Author: Good catch!

* If referring to an executable, use `choco`, not `choco.exe`.
* Switches and parameters are called simply options.
* Never use the force option (`--force` / `-f`) in scripts (or really otherwise as a default mode of use). Force is an override on Chocolatey behavior. If you are wondering why Chocolatey isn't doing something like the documentation says it should, it's likely because you are using force. Stop.

> * Always use the full option name. If the short option is `-n`, and the full option is `--name`, use `--name`. The only acceptable short option for use in scripts is `-y`. Find option names in help docs online or through `choco -? /`choco [Command Name] -?`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Always use the full option name. If the short option is `-n`, and the full option is `--name`, use `--name`. The only acceptable short option for use in scripts is `-y`. Find option names in help docs online or through `choco -?` / `choco [Command Name] -?`.
```

Author: It's frustrating in VS Code that when you type backtick, BEFORE the thing, it puts one in and AFTER the thing it adds two. If you Backspace, it removes them both. If you Delete it just deletes one.

Anyway, rant over. Fixed.

> * Always use the full option name. If the short option is `-n`, and the full option is `--name`, use `--name`. The only acceptable short option for use in scripts is `-y`. Find option names in help docs online or through `choco -?` / `choco [Command Name] -?`.

Author: I think if we're consistent (no short names) then there is no decision to be made on it. If there is no decision to be made on it, whoever is writing the blog post, doc etc., will always be doing the right thing.

But I do understand where you are coming from.

> * Always use the full option name. If the short option is `-n`, and the full option is `--name`, use `--name`. The only acceptable short option for use in scripts is `-y`. Find option names in help docs online or through `choco -?` / `choco [Command Name] -?`.

Reviewer 3: The part in my head that tells me `-n` should be spelled out is the ambiguity of it. Where sometimes it can mean `--name` and other times it's `--skip-powershell`. Are there scenarios where `-y` could mean something other than `--confirm`?

And while on `install`/`upgrade`/`uninstall` there is no `--name`, if I didn't know that, it doesn't seem unheard of to think that I could use `--name` for the package id. Which naturally would lead to undesired behaviour.

> * Always use the full option name. If the short option is `-n`, and the full option is `--name`, use `--name`. The only acceptable short option for use in scripts is `-y`. Find option names in help docs online or through `choco -?` / `choco [Command Name] -?`.

Reviewer: This information has been moved to https://design.chocolatey.org/content-and-marketing/writing-documentation#code-style. If needed, can you please open an issue in that repository and link to this conversation?

> * For scripts that are running automated, always use `-y.

Author: 👍

> * When setting a value to an option, always surround the value properly with double quotes bookending apostrophes, e.g. `--source="'internal_server'"`.

Reviewer 4: Even if it will be a value that can never have spaces?

Like when calling `choco feature --name="'FeatureName'"`?

Author: Yes. Consistency.

If you always do it, then you don't have to decide when to do it and when not to do it.
